Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪♪
♪ There's love
in the sky. yeah ♪
♪ And there's love
in the stars ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ Up. up. up we go. yeah ♪
♪ We're making our mark ♪
♪ What if we start our reign ♪
♪♪
♪ Our brand ♪
♪ Go-kart and
skateboard brigade ♪
♪ What if we get swept away? ♪
♪ Trailblazing ♪
♪ Pave the way ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Going full speed. tops ♪
♪ Yeah. with no blind spots ♪
♪ Be brave ♪
♪ And race away ♪
[Stacie] It's a beautiful day
here in Malibu
for the sports obstacle finals.
Our next contestant. young
newcomer Stacie Roberts.
Thank you. thank you.
And the crowd goes wild.
[crowd cheering. applause]
[in deep voice]
Yeah. Stacie!
[normal voice] None of the pros
have completed today's course.
Can she do it?
[breathing heavily]
You bet I can.
[grunts]
Roberts hits the halfpipe
with an impressive
frontside 180.
Now back up the other side
for what?
[grunts]
A flawless nose stall revert.
But how is she going to exit?
Maybe with her signature 360.
Yahoo! Whoo-hoo!
[crowd cheering. applause]
And next... the balance beam.
[giggling]
Stacie doesn't miss a step.
Which is good
because the grass is lava.
[ominous music]
Lava that's full of adorable.
cuddly. sweet...
[puppies growling]
I mean. ferocious lava sharks.
[laughing]
Whoa! Whoa!
Ha-ha!
[puppies barking]
[grunts]
Across the lawn.
which is not lava in this part.
and over to the soccer obstacle.
Where there's a surprise
defender!
[laughs]
You're on.
[puppy panting and barking]
Thanks. Rookie.
[puppy barking]
Stacie fakes right.
-Fakes left.
-[puppy barking]
Boom. Trick shot over
the shoulder.
Goal!
[puppy barking]
With an assist
from super sidekick Rookie.
[puppy barks]
Nice work. Rookie.
And Stacie with the win!
[both cheering]
Yeah!
heads for the final obstacle...
Stacie is unstoppable as she
the dreaded monkey bars.
[ominous music]
You got this.
[puppy barking]
Twelve rungs are all that stand
between Stacie Roberts
and obstacle course glory.
But she's never made it past
number eight.
Hey. announcer. don't tell me
what I can't do.
[clears throat]
Right. Maybe this time
she will.
[grunts]
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Stacie! Stacie!
[groaning]
Seven.
Eight.
[sighs]
Nine.
Yes!
You got this.
You've got it!
Come on.
Ten.
So close.
[groaning]
You've got this.
So close.
Eleve...
Ah. ah. ah!
Ugh!
[puppy barking]
Victory was in her grasp
but she couldn't hold on.
[puppies barking]
[sighs]
[both laughing]
Save yourself. Barbie!
The lava sharks
have me now.
[both laughing]
Eww. puppy slobber.
[laughing]
Still a personal best.
You were amazing!
Hmm.
No. I really mean it.
♪ You're amazing! ♪
♪ You're good at many things
and that's a fact ♪
♪ Like skateboarding.
dodging lava shark attacks ♪
♪ You have the greatest
sense of adventure ♪
♪ You're also the hippest
unique dresser ♪
♪ Uh-uh-uh-uh Undeniable ♪
[both singing together]
♪ Sister power ♪
♪ brings it home ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ you're amazing ♪
♪ No. you are. no. you are.
no. we are ♪
♪ Amazing. you're amazing ♪
♪ Glad you're on my team ♪
♪ You have the best
imagination ♪
♪ Your dreams running wild ♪
♪ When I'm faced
with complications ♪
♪ You're up for the ride ♪
♪ You're a glass-full
believer ♪
♪ Cool. calm and collected ♪
and we stay connected ♪
♪ You cheer us all on
[both singing together]
♪ Uh-uh-uh-uh Undeniable ♪
♪ Sister power takes me home ♪
♪ But we're more ♪
♪ But we're most ♪
♪ We're the closest ♪
♪ And we can get
through anything! ♪
[both singing]
♪ Yes we can. just like now! ♪
♪ Amazing. you're amazing ♪
♪ No you are. no you are.
no we are ♪
♪ Amazing. you're amazing ♪
♪ So lucky to have you
as my friend and my sister ♪
♪ Yeah. you ♪
♪ You and me ♪
[both singing]
♪ And Chelsea and Skipper ♪
♪ You're the best! ♪
♪ So are you! ♪
♪ In all you do ♪
♪ You're amazing! ♪
-[puppies barking]
-[both laughing]
[Margaret] Barbie!
Barbie!
It's your Aunt Adele.
A spot just opened
in the big race
at the Wisconsin Hot Air
Balloon Festival.
Do you wanna go?
Uh. that depends.
Will you be my co-pilot?
[gasps]
Really?
Me?
Of course really you.
You're a natural.
Yes. Score!
[together]
Team sisters. go!
[laughs]
Come on. puppies.
[Barbie] Puppy power!
Woo-hoo-hoo!
[Barbie] I need a balloon.
Whoa!
[laughs] Oh. my God.
Phew!
Did you get that. Adele?
[chuckles] We are in.
I've got maps. a compass.
rope. extra rope.
I've got my DSLR.
telephoto lenses.
wide angle lenses.
camera drone.
[gasps]
My camera flash!
Got it.
Hey. Mom.
Should I bring my hockey gear?
[chuckles]
Honey. it's the middle
of summer.
Right.
my mini. mini. mini cam?
Barbie. Did you borrow
The mini one?
No. I thought Stacie had it.
Huh? Uh... maybe.
Let me check.
Put this in the camper
for me?
Sure. Whoa!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. ah. ah!
[crash]
I'll pack it.
I folded all that for you.
mini. mini. mini cam?
Have you seen Dad's
I might have borrowed it...
by accident.
You mean this mini one?
Yes! Thank you.
[grunting]
It's not gonna fit
like that.
It's the same stuff.
If it fit before. it'll...
[grunting] ...fit...
[grunting]
...again!
Girls. I thought you were
packed.
Well. we were.
Oh. I found the mini.
mini. mini cam
Dad was looking for.
Skipper had it.
[grunting]
I didn't think I did.
Just bring it to your father
and take your bags
down to the car.
As soon as I finish...
[grunting]
... this.
[grunts]
Phew!
[George] Roberts family
departure
in T-minus 10 minutes.
everyone.
Ah!
[bed slams]
Ugh. I'll take care of
your suitcase.
Go. go. go!
On it.
[ball whooshes]
[grunting]
Just a few more bags.
More?
Lighter than air aviation
is a big activity. Dad.
[grunts]
It requires big packing.
Phew! Just be glad
Aunt Adele has the balloon.
[grunts]
Oh!
[bones cracking]
Come here. Rookie.
[puppy whimpering]
Aww. I'll miss you too.
But puppies aren't allowed
in hot air balloons
and you're going to have
so much fun at Ken's.
Ready to go?
Yup.
Bye. Rookie.
Be good for Ken.
[puppy whimpering]
Stacie. do you wanna sit
in the back or the way back?
How is that even a question?
Way back all the way.
[puppy whines]
[excited panting]
George. here's
the last suitcase.
[puppy barks and pants]
[puppy barks]
Finally. I thought this packing
would never end.
Whoo! I am gonna be
sore tomorrow.
Alright. team Roberts.
Let's go!
[all cheering]
Wisconsin. here we come.
♪♪
♪ The wheels on the camper
go round and round. ♪
♪ Round and round ♪
[Skipper sighs]
Hey. are we there yet?
[chuckles]
[George] We're barely
out of California. Skipper.
Okay. How about now?
Don't worry. I know
lots of songs.
[groans]
Oh. I know!
♪ The sister on the camper
goes argh. argh. argh ♪
♪ Ugh. ugh. ugh! ♪
♪ Argh. argh. argh! ♪
♪ The sister on the camper
goes ugh. ugh. ugh! ♪
[Skipper groans]
Rock. paper. scissors.
Aww.
Oh! I know.
How about I spy
with my little eye...
[Skipper] Oh. boy.
[Chelsea] Something
that starts with R.
-[bird caws]
-[Barbie] The road.
[Skipper] Regret.
[Stacie] Uh... car radio?
[Chelsea] No. no and no.
It's Rookie!
[brakes squeal]
[all together]
Rookie?
[puppy barks and pants]
Aww.
You really didn't wanna
get left behind.
Did you. buddy?
Can he stay? Please?
Well. we've come too far
to turn around.
He'll have to.
Yay! You're gonna
love Wisconsin.
[puppy barks and pants]
an eye on him though.
You'll have to keep
it's a big responsibility.
[sighs]
I'm not a little kid. Mom.
[Chelsea clears throat]
No offense.
None taken.
♪ What if we get swept away? ♪
♪ Trailblazing ♪
♪ Pave the way ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Going full speed tops ♪
♪ Yeah. with no blind spots ♪
♪ Be brave ♪
♪ And race away ♪
♪ Without each other ♪
♪ Our whole lives ♪
♪ Would be a way
different ride ♪
♪ But as co-pilots we fly ♪
♪ And we get swept away ♪
♪ Trailblazing ♪
♪ Pave the way ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Going full speed tops ♪
♪ Yeah. with no blind spots ♪
♪ Be brave ♪
[car horn honking]
♪ And race away ♪
[car door slams]
Welcome!
[laughs]
Welcome. everybody.
So good to see you.
Hi. Aunt Adele.
I made you a picture. Auntie.
We drove forever.
But I kept everyone happy
singing travel songs
and Skipper only
got carsick once.
Um...
[retches]
[chuckles]
What a lovely drawing.
Thank you.
[puppy barking]
Oh. I didn't know you
were bringing the puppies.
Just this one.
We had a stowaway.
[laughing]
[puppy barking]
Rookie won't be
a bother. promise.
No bother. but...
[puppies barking]
excited to meet new friends.
Sorry. Sylvie and Abby get
Down girls.
Hello. Sylvie. Hello. Abby.
We're excited to meet you too.
Can you sit?
[puppies panting]
Aww. good girls.
You ready to say hello now?
[puppy whines]
[puppy whimpering]
[puppies barking]
[sniffing]
[slurping]
[puppies panting]
I am impressed.
Stacie's great
with animals.
Aww.
Animals are great with me.
[Skipper groaning]
Come on in and get settled.
everyone.
The other balloonists will be
here in the morning.
[shivers] I wrote an app
while we were driving
to help you get everyone
checked in.
[chuckles]
Uh. you do have Wi-Fi...
right?
No. it's overrated.
You're kidding.
Tell me you're kidding.
Oh. no. there has got
to be a signal!
[rooster crowing]
[Stacie] Come on. puppies.
[puppies barking]
You first. Rookie.
Hop. hop.
[puppy barking]
Good job!
[puppy barks]
-Your turn. Sylvie.
-[barks]
[puppy pants]
-[gasps] Nice!
-[barks]
-Abby.
[barking]
Good girl!
[puppies bark]
Next up. the ring jump.
[barks]
[puppies barking]
[giggles]
[car horn honks]
There he is.
Right on time as always.
15 minutes early is on time.
You know what I always say.
[in unison]
And on time is late.
- Ah!
- [chuckles]
Darius Fink. check.
Uh. no... hang on.
Lost my signal.
Well. my pen still works.
And your co-pilot?
My son. Marcus.
Yo.
Great! You're all
checked in.
I almost have it.
Just a second.
[grunting]
Xavier!
Ooh! And you brought
your Uncle Xavier.
Good to see you.
[whistle blows]
[puppies barking]
-[whistle]
-Good job.
[laughing]
You.
You can park over there.
Cool! Maybe when
I'm old enough
I can have a balloon
shaped like a dog.
What do you think. guys?
[puppies barking]
Are any kids coming?
Oh. cheer up. Chels.
I'm sure there'll be
someone your age.
[puppies barking]
[car horn honking]
Tallulah and Hazel.
[in unison]
Hello.
They're my age
with a zero on the end.
I wonder how Aunt Adele
can tell who's who.
[both laughing]
She dresses better.
Who's the pilot?
She is.
No. she is.
Oh. I'm gonna let you work
that out yourselves.
All checked in.
[sighs]
[car horn honks]
Yoo-hoo!
-Hello!
-Hi.
Ellie. Veronica!
Ah. you made it!
We wouldn't miss it.
Come on. Berto.
[gasps]
[giggles]
[puppies panting]
[Skipper] No Wi-Fi!
Do you wanna be friends?
Hi. My name's Chelsea.
Okay.
But do you like math?
and reading and lots of stuff.
Sure. I love math and science
But what I really love is art.
What about you?
I'm not very good at art.
of the golden ratio?
But have you heard
No. But I have a goldenrod
color pencil.
to Wisconsin before?
Have you ever been
Yeah.
We came all the way here
from California.
It was a long car ride.
[Berto] Sometimes I hear people
say bus instead of camper.
Looks like Chelsea
found a friend?
Anyone your age here?
will keep me busy.
Nah. But the race
The race?
Uh huh. Meet my awesome
co-pilot.
Oh. Stacie.
have to be at least 13.
All race participants
[gasps]
It's a safety thing.
You have to be old enough
to handle yourself
in case of emergency.
I'm sorry.
Wait. What?
[scoffs]
Not old enough.
[puppy whines]
I could handle myself
in an emergency.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you had to be
at least 13 years old.
your co-pilot now?
Who's going to be
Well... not Dad.
Yeah. his fear of heights
might be a real problem.
[slurping]
-Come here. Blissa.
-[cat meows]
It's okay.
I'll get you down.
Wait. no!
Blissa. Blissa no!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
[gasps]
[groans]
Aargh!
Blissa... are you okay?
[cat meows]
-[both laughing]
-[beeping]
I have a signal! [laughs]
[Skipper] There it is.
What? Being connected
is important.
I think you found
your co-pilot.
Wait. What?
It won't be the same
without you.
Yeah. yeah. I know.
Come on. Rookie.
this balloon festival
Let's go check out
and see what else
there is for us to do.
[puppy barking]
Do you think she's okay?
No idea.
Better question.
do I think I know anything
about ballooning?
[laughs]
the answer is no.
Spoiler alert.
[carnival music]
♪♪
Arts and crafts
could be fun.
I could make you a collar.
like I did at camp.
[barking and panting]
Wow. These are great quilts.
She might dress better. but...
[in unison]
I'm the better quilter.
[both laughing]
So... is there any place
to do crafts?
Sorry. mi amour.
There might be some
activities for you
at the junior ballooners.
Oh!
[both laughing]
Uh...
-Oh.
Looks kinda young. but...
I guess we can check it out.
-Right. Rookie?
-[puppy barks]
Keep on quilting.
-Good luck.
-Goodbye.
I'm the better quilter.
[puppy barks]
[indistinct chatter]
[children laughing]
Stacie! Stacie!
[puppy barks]
Look what we made.
Berto measured
all the proportions
so it's exactly to scale.
Chelsea chose colors that made
the two-dimensional drawing
look three dimensional.
I never knew art could be
so... mathematical.
And I never knew math
could be so artistic.
Come draw with us!
[baby cooing]
Uh... I don't know. Chels.
[sniffing]
[barking]
No!
Rookie! Rookie!
Come back!
Gotta go! Sorry. Chels.
[children cheering]
[balloon pops]
[laughter]
[sniffing]
[puppy barking]
[gasps] No! Rookie!
Rookie. come back!
puppy barking]
Whoa.
You gotta look both ways
before crossing the...
-[gasps]
-[car horn honking]
[wheels screeching]
[both coughing]
...street.
Wow.
Hey! Are you okay?
Just... ooh. ooh...
Yeah. we're fine.
Squirmy.
[puppy barking]
Rookie. What's gotten
into you?
Whoa! No!
[groaning]
[puppy barking]
Oh! So that's who
you were chasing.
[puppy panting]
[puppies slurping]
This is Zeus.
He's an older guy but he still
has a need for speed.
Don't you. little boy?
-[puppy barks]
-Aww.
What a cute little guy.
[giggles]
He and Rookie are going
to get along great.
I'm Stacie.
by the way.
Hi. I'm Ligaya.
Did you come here for
the balloon festival too?
Sort of. I live next door
to your aunt's inn.
That's cool.
Hang on.
How did you know she's my aunt?
Uh... I'm not nosy but
sometimes I hang around
to see what's up at the inn
since there are no other kids
my age in the neighborhood.
None?
Nope. Plenty of teenagers
and a lot of little kids.
But in between...
just me.
[sighs]
Sounds like me and my sisters.
Well. I wanted to race
my go-kart this weekend
but I'm too young.
[grunts]
You too?
I was supposed to be
the co-pilot
in my sister Barbie's
hot air balloon.
Ugh. It's so frustrating.
We're too big to be little
but too little to be big.
Where does that leave us?
Stuck in between.
that's where.
♪♪
[both singing] ♪ When you're
too big to be little ♪
♪ But too little to be big ♪
♪ Where do you end up? ♪
♪ In between ♪
♪ Too young to race ♪
♪ To navigate ♪
♪ To fly up in life's
big balloon ♪
♪ Too young for prom ♪
♪ Too old for blocks ♪
♪ And swimming
in the kiddie pool ♪
[singing together]
♪ In-betweeners not teenagers ♪
♪ On the brink
but not quite there ♪
♪ Not quite trusted.
not quite fussed with ♪
♪ Kinda hanging in the air ♪
♪ We're just two girls ♪
♪ Left out of two worlds ♪
♪ In-betweeners not teenagers ♪
♪ On the brink
but not quite there ♪
♪ Not quite trusted.
not quite fussed with ♪
♪ Kinda hanging in the air ♪
♪ Know what we mean? ♪
♪ We're just stuck in between ♪
[puppies slurping and panting]
[both laughing]
Hey. Do you wanna have
a race?
My go-kart versus
your skateboard.
First one around
the track wins?
You're on.
[puppy panting]
[puppy barking]
Go on. Rookie.
You can be my cheering section.
[puppy whines]
[laughing]
It's the match up
you've all been waiting for.
Pedal power versus
pavement pusher.
Who will prevail?
Oh. sorry. It's just a thing
I do sometimes.
You probably think...
Both racers are at
the line. folks.
Waiting for the call.
On your mark.
Get set.
[in unison]
Go!
[pedals squeaking]
Vroom. vroom. vroom.
Oh yeah!
Ligaya Bugatti takes
an early lead.
Vroom. vroom.
But Stacie Roberts
comes up fast.
It's going to be a squeaker.
folks.
[whooping]
Whoo-hoo!
But Stacie picks up extra points
for style.
[laughs]
Can a race even have points
for style?
This one does.
Okay. Check this then.
[wheels screech]
So cool!
[puppy barking]
[laughing]
[puppy barks]
How about this?
[grunting]
See you at
the finish line.
Huh?
Vroom!
Whoa!
Vroom. vroom.
See you at the finish line.
[puppy barks]
What's the matter. Zeus?
[tires skid]
Stacie. look out!
Huh?
Rookie. stop.
[gasps]
Whoo!
Good boy. Rookie.
Oh. are you okay?
[puppy barking]
Are you okay?
-[laughs]
-Yup.
[slurping]
They're back.
Oh no. no!
It's the return of
the lava sharks!
[puppy snorting]
Help. it's a swarm!
[laughs]
Ah! Ah. they've got me too!
[both laughing]
-No!
-They've got me too!
Ahem. Stacie. Ligaya.
You're both old enough
to know better than to play
in the middle of a racetrack.
But there's nothing
for us to do.
junior ballooners.
We're too old for
And too young
for everything else.
If you two are so bored
that you're rolling around
in the dirt
like a couple potatoes...
I've got plenty of real potatoes
you can peel back at the inn.
[sighs]
Come on! Chop. chop!
Peel. peel!
[both groaning]
Here we go.
Ballooning for beginners.
The main body of the balloon
is called the envelope.
Why don't they just call it
the balloon?
Good question.
I don't know.
Moving on.
That part's the skirt.
Burners and the basket.
Also known
as the gondola.
Gonda-wha?
Uh... I think I'll just stick
with basket.
Next up. we have...
Oh. I knew she was more upset
than she was letting on.
[inhales sharply]
Ouch.
Oh. I feel awful.
Well. you did get
her hopes up.
Ugh. If I were her.
I'd be devastated.
Thanks a lot. Skipper.
Come on. let's get
this packed up.
With four kids in the family
you and your sisters
all the time. Huh?
must do fun stuff
Yeah. Except when Barbie is
hanging out with her friends.
Or Skipper is busy
with babysitting or DJ'ing.
Or Chelsea is... well.
doing Chelsea stuff.
What about your family?
Just my parents and me.
Mostly I don't mind
but it can get lonely.
[both groaning]
Speaking of sisters.
Looks like mine
could use some help.
Grab it.
How much does
this thing weigh?
About 200 pounds.
[Skipper groans]
-[both grunting]
-Uh... do you need help?
Yes. Please.
No. we're fine.
I'm getting mixed
signals here.
[both grunting]
Who's your friend. Stacie?
This is Ligaya.
She lives next door.
Ligaya. these are my older
sisters Barbie and Skipper.
[grunting]
Stacie! Ligaya!
You're sure you don't
need help?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
We can totally help.
[Aunt Adele] Chop. chop.
chop. girls!
Go on.
We're fine.
[grunts]
[in unison]
Coming!
want her to help?
Why didn't you
I just wouldn't feel right
asking her to help me get ready
for the race after the let down
of not being my co-pilot.
[groaning]
This is heavy.
[ominous music]
[groans]
How many mashed potatoes
can balloonists eat?
Not just mashed potatoes.
Potato soup. potatoes
au gratin. patatas bravas.
roastie. hash-browns...
The official Wisconsin
balloonist cookbook
has more than
100 potato recipes.
[blinking]
I counted.
And you're making
all of them?
Mm-mm. We're making
all of them.
I know you girls want
to help. Right?
Well...
Right.
Uh...
I knew I could count on you.
Come on.
[puppies barking]
[in unison]
Uh...
[both groan]
Hey Ligaya.
if I'm going to be stuck
I know we just met but
peeling a mountain of potatoes
with anyone.
I'm glad it's you.
Yeah. Me too.
Peeling potatoes
isn't so bad
when you have a friend
to do it with.
[both singing]
♪ Even non-fun things ♪
♪ Can be fun when I do
them with you ♪
♪ We just met but it's like
I've known you ♪
♪ My whole life through ♪
♪ Let's count every stone
in the great pyramid ♪
♪ Turn every potato
into a magic ship ♪
♪ Let a litter of puppies
run through some paint ♪
♪ What a great mural I think
it would make ♪
♪ Better together
We're better together ♪
♪ Yeah. birds of a feather
facing whatever ♪
♪ It's just like
we're sisters ♪
♪ We sure get along ♪
♪ We're better together ♪
[puppies bark]
♪ Let's take a step back ♪
♪ And see what
we've accomplished ♪
♪ When you're not on your own ♪
♪ Oh. the things you achieve ♪
♪ Better together ♪
♪ We're better together ♪
♪♪
♪ Better together ♪
♪ We're better together ♪
♪ Yeah. birds of a feather.
facing whatever ♪
♪ It's just like we're sisters.
we sure get along ♪
♪ Like music and lyrics
that make up a song ♪
♪ We're better together ♪
♪ We're smart
and we're strong ♪
♪ We're better together ♪
[puppy barking]
[barking]
[both laughing]
Thanks Rookie.
[laughs]
Oh! Looks like you two found
a way to have a good time.
I guess.
Well you did a wonderful job.
so get out of here before I find
something else for you to...
-Thanks. Aunt Adele!
-Bye!
[barking]
-Whoo!
-[both laughing]
Rookie.
[puppy barks]
Up. up!
[puppy panting]
Good job.
Now the rest of you try.
Sylvie. Abby. Zeus.
[puppies barking]
Up. up. up!
Come on. little guy.
Need some help?
[puppies barking]
[Stacie] Yay!
Great job. everyone.
It's like a puppy
obstacle course.
Yeah. At home I had
my own obstacle course.
Too bad Aunt Adele doesn't have
a halfpipe and a soccer goal.
[gasps] Ooh! We can make
our own obstacles though.
Ooh! Like that tree.
It has plenty of
strong branches.
[grunting]
Yup. Oh. it's sturdy enough.
It's like circular
monkey bars.
Now you try.
Monkey bars.
Sure. I can do this.
[grunting]
Yes! I'm doing it.
[puppies barking]
[grunting]
Whoa!
Ugh!
[sighs]
[puppies barking]
Ah. lava sharks
got me again.
[laughs]
Good try though.
[bell ringing]
That's your Aunt's
dinner bell.
You should probably go.
You should come too.
I mean. you peeled.
like. a billion potatoes.
-[giggles]
-You have to help us eat them.
Your family won't mind?
Mom says there's always
room at the table
for a new friend.
Race you?
On your mark.
Get set.
[in unison]
Go!
[puppies barking]
[both laughing]
Is everybody enjoying
the spuds?
[Skipper] Tasting great.
Aunt Adele.
-[Chelsea] So yummy!
-[man] Terrific!
[Margaret] So many
potato dishes.
is the balloonist's
The bowline knot
most important knot.
Make a little loop. wrap
your line around your anchor.
pass the tail of the rope
through the loop.
around the long part. back
through the loop and done.
Now you try.
Seems simple enough.
Hey. let's go
sit with Barbie.
Oh. no. here comes Stacie.
I don't wanna
upset her again.
Hey. what are you doing?
Oh. just ballooning stuff.
Ooh. can I try?
Devastated.
We can do something else.
What?
Now I'm not old enough
to tie a knot?
you are. I just...
Oh. no. Of course
Did you even want me to be your
co-pilot in the first place?
I... well... I...
Come on.
Let's find another table
so they can enjoy
their ballooning stuff.
Hope you like the potatoes.
Wait. Stacie!
Ah ha! Got it.
Of course I...
[groans]
Ah. maybe I don't got it.
Ugh.
[rooster crows]
[snoring]
[alarm crows]
Race day!
[gasps]
[phone vibrates and beeps]
Ugh. Too early.
Want sleep.
[snoring]
[floorboard creaks]
[mumbling]
[sighs]
[snoring]
Stop it.
We have to get going.
Huh? Why are we whispering?
I don't wanna wake Stacie.
After last night. the least
I can do is let her sleep.
Hmm. Yes. Sleep.
No. no. no you don't.
[Skipper groans]
[sighs] Fine.
[groans]
[puppy yawns]
Phew.
Here's your altimeter.
[snoring]
Thanks Mom.
This mini. mini. mini cam
will get great aerial shots.
I wanna do a pre-race
family portrait.
Hey. where's Stacie?
I wanted to let
her sleep in.
[snoring]
Well. if she sleeps much longer
she'll miss the race.
There.
to 500 feet. easy.
That should hold
Oh. But Dad.
the average altitude
of a hot air balloon
is between one
and 3.000 feet.
The record is 68.986 feet!
[blinking]
See you at the fairgrounds!
Oh. 68.000.
[gags]
-Oh. dear.
-Sixty eight thousand.
not thinking about heights.
And he was doing so well
Sixty eight thousand.
I'll make sure
your father's okay.
the staging area.
You two get to
Time to get this show
on the road.
[exertion grunts]
[metal clanking]
The road might have
to wait for this show.
It'll fit. It has to.
[exertion grunts]
Whoa!
Problem?
Either the basket
is too big
or his trailer
is too small.
If we can't drive
to the starting line.
we'll just have to fly
to the fairgrounds instead.
Is that allowed?
Nothing in the rules
against it.
You can take off
from the front yard.
Then there's no time to waste.
[flames bursting]
We have lift off.
Roger that.
Who's Roger?
Ready to cast off. Barbie?
Ready.
[Barbie] Yeah!
[Skipper] Let's do this.
Get altitude early.
Those trees are taller
than they look.
Understood!
Up. up and away.
[George] Oh. come back
in one piece!
Be careful!
-Bye!
-See you soon.
[George] That's really high.
Be careful!
[gasps]
What's the matter. George?
Oh. I left my camera
in the house.
Hang on.
I'll help!
Go on without us.
will catch up.
Chelsea and I
You can take my truck.
Thanks. See you
at the fairground.
[sighs]
You know. I-- I feel like
I'm forgetting something.
Hmm. Oh well.
it'll come to me.
There.
[car engine starts]
♪♪
Uh. Barbie?
I don't think we're gonna
clear those trees.
Sure we will.
We just have to make
the balloon lighter
to gain altitude.
Drop that sandbag
over the side.
What is in this thing?
[grunts]
A little help?
family was there to see us off.
It was so cool that the whole
It was cool.
[both grunting]
Mom. Dad. Chelsea...
everyone except...
[gasps]
[in unison]
Except Stacie!
[Both] Whoa!
-[yawns]
-[puppies barking]
Sleepy.
[shivers]
Yes! Score.
It's awfully quiet. Rookie.
[puppy barks]
[gasps]
They forgot me?
[knocking on door]
[puppy barks]
We came as fast
as we could.
They really left without you?
Completely gone.
the balloon festival.
I got blown off at
I can't be in the race.
It's bad enough that
now I won't even get
to watch.
You know...
I have another go-kart.
If we hurry. we might still
make it.
in the carts for everyone.
Yeah. We won't have room
-Sylvie.
-[puppy barks]
-Abby.
You two stay here.
[puppies bark]
Good girls.
So... what are
we waiting for?
Ready. Set.
Go!
[both laughing]
we forgot Stacie.
I can't believe
Come on. No bars!
I mean. they would've
got her
before they went
to the fairgrounds. Right?
a signal around here?
Why is there never
Why didn't I just
wake her up?
[grunting]
Whoa!
My phone!
[gasps] Skipper!
-Whoa!
Are you okay?
Okay? Okay?
Are you kidding?
That was my phone!
Skipper. I meant you.
You're not hurt. are you?
Oh. Nah. I'm fine. You?
I'm okay.
At least we still have my...
-[loud thud]
-Whoa!
...phone.
Uh... I think we have
a bigger problem.
[gasps]
[Skipper] We're stuck.
car revving sound]
[girls imitating
[Stacie] Yeah!
This is so much fun.
I know. right?
Woo-hoo!
[puppy barks]
Try this.
[tires skidding]
[puppy barks]
Whoa. Rookie.
What's wrong?
[barking]
Rookie! Come back!
[balloon rustling]
Hmm.
Ah-ha!
[both] Whoa!
That's your "I have
a plan" pose.
So. do you have a plan?
[chuckles nervously]
Please tell me you have a plan.
Yes. If we can make
the basket lighter.
we might be able to lift
out of the tree.
How do we do that?
We already tossed
our sandbag.
I'll fire up the burners
and you look for more weight
to get rid of.
Got it.
Adios. thing-a-ma-jig.
[grunting]
Uh...
[grunts]
Don't know what you are.
Bye!
[groaning]
[loud thud]
We're stuck.
[ropes snapping]
Uh. not good!
Whoa. whoa.
Whoa! Not good!
[grunts]
Burner... off!
[both] Whoa!
So. plan B?
Has anyone seen
Barbie and Skipper?
[sighs] No one.
Where are they?
Uh...uh...uh...
Um... are we low enough
to jump... maybe?
Huh. huh...
Ugh...
Definitely not. Barbie. Uh-uh.
Uh... also. you know.
I feel like I understand
Dad a lot better now.
I owe him an apology.
We'll have to climb down then.
Good thing I packed
extra rope.
-Uh...
[chuckles nervously]
[squirrel chittering]
Oh...
[chuckles nervously]
everything overboard so fast?
Skipper. How did you throw
I was motivated.
So... what now?
I don't know.
-[puppy barking]
-Uh...
[gasps]
Stacie!
[puppy barking]
-Where?
-There.
-[puppy barking]
-Stacie!
-Stacie! Hey Stacie!
Stacie! Stacie!
-Up. up. up. up!
-Stacie. here.
Look up!
Rookie! Stay!
[puppy barking]
[Barbie] Over here! Stacie!
Help us!
Do you hear that?
[Barbie] Help us!
SOS save your sisters!
Skipper's balloon.
That's Barbie and
They must be in trouble.
Is that what you saw. Rookie?
[puppy barking]
Good job.
[puppy panting]
-Stacie!
-Help us!
Barbie! Skipper!
Are you okay?
Stacie. thank goodness
you're here.
[sighs]
Yeah. well. better than no one.
No! Stacie. stop.
I owe you an apology.
I got your hopes up about
the balloon race and...
I don't care about
the balloon race!
You don't?
I mean. I do but...
that was a mistake.
It happens.
I was disappointed
but I got over it.
But after that
you wouldn't even show me
how to tie a knot.
[sighs]
And then you left me behind!
Oh. Stacie. I'm so sorry.
I didn't want to talk about
ballooning stuff in front of you
because it seemed insensitive.
I didn't realize I was making
you feel even more left out.
There is no one I would rather
have as my co-pilot.
No one.
Uh... I'm right here.
supplies overboard.
You threw all our
Huh. Point taken.
Ah! Ah! Ah!
[tree branches crack]
But maybe we could save
the emotional apologies
until we're all
on the ground.
We can but I already
forgive you.
Thanks.
We're gonna fall.
we're gonna fall.
We're gonna fall!
[branch cracking]
We have to get help. Now!
The fairground isn't far.
If we take the go-karts
we can be there in
a few minutes.
Please don't let me fall!
You and Zeus go for help.
I'll stay here.
Okay. Come on. little guy.
[puppy barking]
Hmm.
Huh?
I've got a plan.
[truck backfiring]
[gasps] Look!
It's Ligaya.
And she's in a hurry.
I wonder what's going on.
[tires skidding]
[panting]
What's up?
Need...
A ride?
A drink of water?
[panting]
[phone ringing]
Hang on a sec.
Catch your breath.
Hey honey.
Has the race started yet?
We're almost there.
George! Have you seen
Barbie and Skipper?
They aren't here and I can't
reach them on their phones.
What? No!
I thought they'd be there
by now.
They're stuck in a tree!
Stacie's with them
but they need help.
-[gasps]
-[both gasp]
[in unison]
We forgot Stacie!
Can you take us to them.
Ligaya?
Yeah. follow me.
We're on our way.
Okay. We'll be right
behind you.
Don't worry. we'll get
them down safe.
Attention! Attention!
We have a balloon
rescue situation.
All hands on deck.
Alright. let's swing
into action here.
This is where my training
comes in.
[grunting]
One.
Two.
Three.
Oh. You're too high.
I have to get closer.
But none of these trees
have branches I can reach.
[puppy barking]
Good work. Rookie!
[grunting]
-[creaking]
-Ahh!
-[branch cracks]
-Oh. no!
[Barbie] Try throwing it now.
[Skipper] Hurry!
Hang on a sec.
We are hanging on.
Literally.
Around. over itself.
through the loop and pull.
Wow. She learns fast.
Yup. that's Stacie.
-[creaking]
-Whoa!
Oh. no!
Everything comes down
to this.
One rope. two sisters
and the throw of a lifetime.
Ah ha!
[both groaning]
[gasps]
Yes!
[both cheering]
That was amazing.
[branch cracks]
[both] Whoa!
[both yelling]
Grab the rope!
Whoa!
[thudding]
[both yelling]
Huh?
Are you okay?
[Barbie] Yes. Yes.
We're fine.
Great! I'll be right down.
Or not.
The log is gone.
[gasps]
Oh no!
A branch knocked
it over.
You'll have to find
another way down.
If you can get to the other
end of that branch.
it'll bend down
so we can catch you.
[groans]
It's too narrow for me
to walk on.
[puppy whimpers]
What if you went
hand over hand?
Like the monkey bars
back home.
Uh... Barbie.
I've never gotten to the end
of the monkey bars.
You can do this. Stacie.
I believe in you.
we all do.
[puppy barks]
Uh...
[gasps]
[sighs]
I can do this.
[grunting]
[gasps]
One.
Two.
Three.
[all together] Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
Ten!
[sighs]
Eleven!
[Barbie] You're so close!
You've got this. Stacie!
[together]
Twelve!
Whoo!
Thirteen!
[panting]
Fourteen!
[gasping]
-Hold on.
-Whoa.
[straining grunts]
[both gasp]
Yes!
[triumphant music]
We got you!
[laughing]
You did it!
I'm so glad you're okay.
Whoo!
[all laughing]
I love you guys so much.
Oh. that was close.
Phew!
I'm so glad you were here.
Stacie.
No one could
have been better.
[Aunt Adele] Hang on. girls.
We're coming!
[puppy barking]
[all laughing]
[all panting]
Are you girls alright?
We're fine thanks to Stacie.
She saved the day.
Sounds like the right person
was on the scene.
there can't be an exception
Aunt Adele. are you sure
to the co-pilot age limit?
Stacie just proved that
she can handle an emergency.
Well. maybe this once.
on account of heroism.
Really?
Thank you Aunt Adele!
Good.
Because I am never. ever
getting into
a hot air balloon again.
Thank you for saving everybody.
-[all cheering]
-[George] Alright. Stace!
[Margaret] My little potato.
[George]
Oh. I'm so proud of you.
[Aunt Adele] Great job.
You know. sometimes being
in between isn't so bad.
-Mm-hmm.
-[puppy barking]
[Skipper] Great job!
[George] That's my girl.
[Aunt Adele] Safe travels.
[George] See you at
the finish line.
[in unison]
Bye!
[flames blowing]
[cheering]
-[Aunt Adele] Bon voyage!
-[Skipper] Yeah!
[Ligaya] Up. up and away.
♪ It's a wild ride ♪
♪ The zigs and zags of life ♪
♪ Swept up
in that big balloon ♪
♪ Strings and knots
and then cut loose ♪
♪ That's when we come
to play ♪
♪ Jumping up to save
the day ♪
[both singing]
♪ Unexpected and surprising ♪
♪ Fears are falling.
courage rising ♪
♪ Feels like flying ♪
♪ Gravity-defying ♪
♪ Waving arms
are multiplying ♪
a silver lining ♪
♪ There's always
♪ Climbing so high
into the sun ♪
♪ Hand over hand.
one by one ♪
♪ Yeah. feels like flying ♪
♪ Hitting a high note
and making it pop ♪
♪ Taking the halfpipe
and nailing the drop ♪
♪ We all have a gift.
we all have a part ♪
♪ We all have the spirit.
the power. the heart ♪
♪ Feels like flying ♪
♪ Soaring. gliding ♪
♪ We're a force.
everybody ♪
♪ Always strong.
electrifying ♪
♪ Raising our voice.
raising the bar ♪
♪ We get it done.
we carry it far ♪
♪ Yeah. feels like flying ♪
♪ Feels like flying ♪
♪ What if we get swept away? ♪
♪ Trailblazing ♪
♪ Pave the way ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Going full speed. tops ♪
♪ Yeah. with no blind spots ♪
♪ Be brave and race away ♪
♪ Without each other ♪
♪ Our whole lives ♪
♪ Would be a way
different ride ♪
♪ But as co-pilots we fly ♪
♪ And we get swept away ♪
♪ Trailblazing ♪
♪ Pave the way ♪
♪ Amazing ♪
♪ Going full speed. tops ♪
♪ Yeah. with no blind spots ♪
♪ Be brave ♪
♪ And race away♪